ENV_INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# 🚨 URGENT: Fix Configuration Error

## 🛠️ Add this line to your `.env.local` file:

Open your `.env.local` file and add this line at the end:

```bash
# Add this line to fix the network configuration:
NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_CHAIN=arbitrum-sepolia
```

Your complete `.env.local` should look like:
```bash
# Paste this in your .env file
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_API_KEY=[your-api-key]
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_POLICY_ID=a5fb44cd-f719-48a3-b6bf-0c8fd91b1f63
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_PROJECT_ID=fe76d54c3385e26a8188e9ff4f618ae0
NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_CHAIN=arbitrum-sepolia
```

## 🎯 Network Setup:

Your app now supports **both sponsored networks**:

1. **Arbitrum Sepolia** (default)
   - RPC: `https://arb-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/OwiruqKJWcO4FRxPBu-7a`
   - Chain ID: 421614
   - ✅ Gas sponsorship active

2. **Ethereum Sepolia**
   - RPC: `https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/OwiruqKJWcO4FRxPBu-7a`
   - Chain ID: 11155111
   - ✅ Gas sponsorship active

## 🚀 Features Added:

- **Network Switcher** in header (visible when logged in)
- **Multi-chain support** with automatic RPC routing
- **Smart account support** on both networks
- **Gas sponsorship** active on both networks

## 🔄 How to Switch Networks:

1. **Via Environment**: Change `NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_CHAIN` in `.env.local`
2. **Via UI**: Use the network switcher in the header when logged in
3. **Via Wallet**: MetaMask users can switch networks manually

## ⚠️ EIP-7702 Status:

- **Currently**: Not live on any network (Pectra upgrade pending)
- **Future**: Will enable smart features for EOAs
- **Timeline**: H1 2025 for Ethereum, Arbitrum follows with ArbOS 40

Commit message:

feat: Implement EIP-7702 Smart EOA functionality
- Added support for EIP-7702 in the application, enabling gas sponsorship and smart account features while retaining the original EOA address.
- Created a new guide (EIP7702_GUIDE.md) detailing the implementation and usage of EIP-7702.
- Introduced a custom hook (useEIP7702SmartAccount) to manage the creation and state of the EIP-7702 smart account client.
- Updated package.json to include necessary dependencies for EIP-7702 support.

ENV_INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# 🚨 URGENT: Fix Configuration Error

## 🛠️ Add this line to your `.env.local` file:

Open your `.env.local` file and add this line at the end:

```bash
# Add this line to fix the network configuration:
NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_CHAIN=arbitrum-sepolia
```

Your complete `.env.local` should look like:
```bash
# Paste this in your .env file
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_API_KEY=[your-api-key]
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_POLICY_ID=a5fb44cd-f719-48a3-b6bf-0c8fd91b1f63
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_PROJECT_ID=fe76d54c3385e26a8188e9ff4f618ae0
NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_CHAIN=arbitrum-sepolia
```

## 🎯 Network Setup:

Your app now supports **both sponsored networks**:

1. **Arbitrum Sepolia** (default)
   - RPC: `https://arb-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/OwiruqKJWcO4FRxPBu-7a`
   - Chain ID: 421614
   - ✅ Gas sponsorship active

2. **Ethereum Sepolia**
   - RPC: `https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/OwiruqKJWcO4FRxPBu-7a`
   - Chain ID: 11155111
   - ✅ Gas sponsorship active

## 🚀 Features Added:

- **Network Switcher** in header (visible when logged in)
- **Multi-chain support** with automatic RPC routing
- **Smart account support** on both networks
- **Gas sponsorship** active on both networks

## 🔄 How to Switch Networks:

1. **Via Environment**: Change `NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_CHAIN` in `.env.local`
2. **Via UI**: Use the network switcher in the header when logged in
3. **Via Wallet**: MetaMask users can switch networks manually

## ✅ EIP-7702 Status:

- **Currently**: Live on Ethereum Mainnet, Sepolia, and Arbitrum Sepolia
- **Features**: Smart EOA capabilities with gas sponsorship and batching
- **Status**: Active and ready to use with compatible wallets
